# Meeting Room Booking System

- Objectives
  - The objective of the meeting room booking system is to allow its user, which are admin and customers to perform certain actions based on the user’s identity that they choose. There are four functionalities which can be performed by the admin including viewing the customer list, viewing the personal details of a customer based on the customer ID, checking the availability of a meeting room, cancelling a booking from the customer based on the booking ID and generating a receipt for the customer. Furthermore, this meeting room booking system also allows the customers to view all the meeting rooms with the detailed information, check the availability of a meeting room, book a meeting room, generate a receipt and cancel a booking using the matched customer ID and booking ID. All in all, it is hoped that this meeting room booking system can provide useful system functionalities to its users which are customers and admin. Also, the system can be efficient and effective in achieving its purposes in order to satisfy its users while performing the functional requirements for our users well by applying what we have learned in this course which is the implementation of queue.

- Synosis
  - The main concept of this assignment is to develop a program which is a meeting room booking system for an organization. There are two types of users in our program which are the admin and customers. This program aims to help customers to book the meeting room of their preferred types within six days in the current week according to their requirements and cancel their booking. At the same time, it eases the job of admins to view all customers, access the personal details of a customer using the customer ID, check the availability of a meeting room and cancel booking for customers.

  - In the project, we had applied the implementation of the queue linked list for the meeting rooms, booking and customers. Each meeting room is treated as a node in the meeting room queue which we can insert a new meeting room node at the rear of the queue, delete a meeting room node from the front queue, find the position of a meeting room node using its room number and print the details of all the meeting rooms. Furthermore, for the booking queue, we can also insert a new booking node to the rear of the queue, delete a booking node using the booking ID and find the position of the booking node with the booking ID and check the position of the booking node with the matched booking ID and customer ID. Moreover, the implementation of the customer queue focuses on inserting a new customer node to the rear of the queue, deleting a customer node from the front queue, finding the position of the customer node with the matched customer ID, displaying all the customers in the queue with their personal details and display only one customer’s details using the wanted customer’s ID.

  - In conclusion, the meeting room booking system possesses the required functionalities including checking availability of the meeting room, booking a meeting room or cancelling a booking for the customers, generating receipts for the bookings made by the customer and provides the functionalities for admin including viewing customers’ details, checking availability of the meeting room for customers, cancelling the booking for them and generating receipts for the bookings made by the customer. Hence, the meeting room booking system can be built by using the implementation of the queue linked list by treating the meeting room, booking and customer as nodes in our system.



